auth pdns.conf, pdnsutil, pdns_control: modern aliases for master/slave (#9669)
PowerDNS/pdns: docs/settings.rst

If a PID file should be written.

.. _setting-xfr-cycle-interval:

``xfr-cycle-interval``
----------------------

.. versionchanged:: 4.5.0
  This was called :ref:`setting-slave-cycle-interval` before 4.5.0.

-  Integer
-  Default: 60

> On a master, this is the amount of seconds between the master checking
> the SOA serials in its database to determine to send out NOTIFYs to the
> slaves. On slaves, this is the number of seconds between the slave
> checking for updates to zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a primary, this is the amount of seconds between the primary checking
the SOA serials in its database to determine to send out NOTIFYs to the
secondaries. On secondaries, this is the number of seconds between the secondary
checking for updates to zones.
```
